# battleship
paired partner battleship project
- Iteration 3 did not provide an interaction pattern. How did you approach designing this iteration? If you did not get to Iteration 3, reflect on how you think you would’ve approached the design and problem solving process.
    - We first read everything to know what we were getting into beforehand. We used what the output and directions as a framework to make a method, and started with making the methods based off what it would sound like by talking it out and writing it like we see. Then we ran the program in terminal to test and read error messages, did that over and over and over and over and over etc etc for debugging error messages. We would get somewhere and then again have another error to debug and run the game again and again (you get the picture). It was obvously tough since we were just getting our minds wrapped around following an interaction pattern and actually making some good progress, then this changed everything on how we think. So, it was hard to shift gears like that, and it is definitely a learning experience, which I think is the point.
- If you had one more day to work on this project, what would you work on?
    - Is taking a break an option? hahahahahaha. Probably not, so we would do this: Work on the valid_placement? method to make the ai follow the rules to place their ships, for some reason the ai was placing its ships overlapping when we checked their board with pry, and see if we could get to the next functionality of turn with the player shot and ai shot without error.
- Describe the pairing techniques you used while working on this project.
    - We did a lot of driver/navigator and simultaneous work, so we can talk it out and also search for fixes and then talk about it before trying to impliment into code. Also, we did some work apart and then used pull request and comments to communicate there. We used slack and discord for chatting throughout the day. We also had a good amount of mentorship to support us getting as far as we did.
- Describe how feedback was shared over the course of this project.
    - We communicated through slack and just being on the zoom or huddles together. We were able to communicate pretty well through there. We were pretty open with how we are feeling and whats happening next.